68430: Document new Time Machine checkbox for SMB shares (#677)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

macOS includes the Time Machine feature which can be used to perform
automatic back ups. In this configuration example, a Time Machine user
is configured to back up to an AFP share on a %brand% system. The
process for creating an authenticated share for a user is the same
as creating a Time Machine share for that user.

.. note:: An :ref:`SMB share <Windows (SMB) Shares>` can be used

>    instead of an AFP share for Time Machine user backups. Follow this

Reviewer: Which process is "this" process?  The one I am reading, or the one in the link?

We need an SMB-specific Time Machine section that can be expanded and updated over time.  The AFP version will probably not change, and the two are likely to differ eventually.

creating any SMB shares is recommended to gain a better understanding of
the configuration scenario that meets the specific network requirements.

`SMB Tips and Tricks <https://forums.freenas.org/index.php?resources/smb-tips-and-tricks.15/>`__
shows helpful hints for configuring and managing SMB networking.
The
`FreeNAS and Samba (CIFS) permissions <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxggaE935PM>`__
and
`Advanced Samba (CIFS) permissions on FreeNAS <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhwOyLtArw0>`__
videos clarify setting up permissions on SMB shares. Another helpful
reference is
`Methods For Fine-Tuning Samba Permissions <https://forums.freenas.org/index.php?threads/methods-for-fine-tuning-samba-permissions.50739/>`__.

> .. warning:: SMB1 is disabled by default for security. If legacy

Reviewer: We should either remove this (my preference) or replace the instructions with just using the checkbox in the SMB service.

|ui-options| on the desired file extent, then click :guilabel:`Edit`.
Set the size to *0* as this causes the iSCSI target to use the new
size of the file.

.. index:: Time Machine
.. _Creating Authenticated and Time Machine Shares:

Creating Authenticated and Time Machine Shares
----------------------------------------------

macOS includes the
`Time Machine <https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201250>`__ feature

> which can be used to perform automatic back ups. %brand% supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can be used to perform automatic backups. %brand% supports
```

> Time Machine back ups for both :ref:`AFP <Apple (AFP) Shares>` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time Machine backups for both :ref:`AFP <Apple (AFP) Shares>` and
```

:ref:`SMB <Windows (SMB) Shares>` shares. The process for creating an
authenticated share for a user is the same as creating a Time Machine
share for that user.

> Before creating a Time Machine or authenticated share, go to

Reviewer: This is kind of oddly worded.  It should not say "Before", but should just explain that these types of shares should be created on an :ref:`new dataset<Adding Datasets>`.

:menuselection:`Storage --> Pools` to make a dataset for the share.
For more information about dataset creation, refer to
:ref:`Adding Datasets`.

> After creating the dataset for the guest share, go to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In
```

:menuselection:`Storage --> Pools`,
click the |ui-options| button for the dataset, then
:guilabel:`Edit Permissions`.

> Enter the following information as shown in

Reviewer: We tell them the settings, don't need to link to the figure.
```suggestion
Enter these settings:
```

:numref:`Figure %s <creating_an_authenticated_share_fig>`.

#. **ACL Type:** Select :guilabel:`Mac`.

#. **User:** Use the drop-down to select the desired user account.

>    If the user does not yet exist on the %brand% system, go to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the user does not yet exist on the %brand% system, create one with
```

>    :menuselection:`Accounts --> Users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Accounts --> Users`.
```

>    to create one. Refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See
```

>    :ref:`users <Users>` for more information about creating a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`users <Users>` for more information.
```

> #. **Group:** Use the drop-down to select the desired group name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **Group:** Select the desired group name.
```

>    If the group does not yet exist on the %brand% system, go to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the group does not yet exist on the %brand% system, create one with
```

>    :menuselection:`Accounts --> Groups`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Accounts --> Groups`.
```

>    to create one. Refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See
```

>    :ref:`groups <Groups>` for more information about creating a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`groups <Groups>` for more information.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`SAVE`.

To create an authenticated or Time Machine share:

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Sharing --> Apple (AFP) Shares`

Reviewer: This should be in order of preference, and should mention why.  So SMB first, then maybe AFP with a warning.

   or
   :menuselection:`Sharing --> Windows (SMB) Shares`
   and click |ui-add|.

#. :guilabel:`Browse` to the dataset created for
   the share.

> #. When creating a Time Machine share, enable the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When creating a Time Machine share, set the
```

   :guilabel:`Time Machine` option.

#. Fill out the other required fields.

#. Click :guilabel:`SAVE`.

To configure multiple authenticated or Time Machine shares, repeat
this process for each user.
:numref:`Figure %s <creating_an_authenticated_share_fig>` shows
creating a Time Machine Share in
:menuselection:`Sharing --> Apple (AFP) Shares`.

.. _creating_an_authenticated_share_fig:

.. figure:: images/sharing-apple-afp-add.png

   Creating an Authenticated or Time Machine Share

> At this point, it may be desirable to configure a quota for each Time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring a quota for each Time Machine share helps prevent
```

> Machine share, to restrict backups from using all of the available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backups from using all of the available
```

> space on the %brand% system. The first time Time Machine makes a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
space on the %brand% system. Time Machine waits two minutes before creating
```

> backup, it will create a full backup after waiting two minutes. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> will then create a one hour incremental backup for the next 24 hours,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incremental backups are created each hour for the next 24 hours.
```

> and then one backup each day, each week and each month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, one backup is created each day, each week, and each month.
```

Reviewer: This is still kind of misleading, since all of these backups are updated.  This kind of implies that there are only hourly backups of the first day.  Really, all of these backups are updated on their own schedule.  In other words, hourly backups are updated hourly, daily are updated daily, and so on.

> **Since the oldest backups are deleted when a Time Machine share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The oldest backups are deleted when a Time Machine share
```

> becomes full, make sure that the quota size is sufficient to hold the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fills up, so make sure that the quota size is large enough to hold the
```

desired number of backups.**

> Note that a default installation of macOS is ~21 GiB in size.

Reviewer: This seems overly precise (21? not 21.5?) and I wonder when the value was last checked.
Make it less precise but 
```suggestion
Note that a default installation of macOS is over 20 GiB.
```

To configure a quota, go to

> :menuselection:`Sharing --> Apple (AFP)`,

Reviewer: This should be share-type agnostic.

Author: Time Machine quotas don't exist as an option in SMB shares.

> click |ui-options| on the existing Time Machine share, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click |ui-options| on the Time Machine share, then
```

:guilabel:`Edit`. In the example shown in
:numref:`Figure %s <set_quota_fig>`,
the Time Machine share name is *backup_user1*. Enter a value in the

> :guilabel:`Time Machine Quota` field, then click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Time Machine Quota` field, and click
```
